Adding contributing guide to the project (#26)
victor-heliomar/i18n-translation-generator: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Welcome to the i18n Translation Generator contributing guide

> Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! Any contribution you make will be reflected on docs.github.com ✨.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! Any contribution you make will be reflected on docs.github.com ✨.
```

Not sure if this is accurate? Maybe this statement is valid in another repo

Author: Thanks! My mistake

In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

## New contributor guide

To get an overview of the project, read the README file. Here are some resources to help you get started with open source contributions:

- [Finding ways to contribute to open source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
- [Set up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git)
- [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
- [Collaborating with Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

## Getting started

> There are a lot of things that you could do to collaborate on open sources projects!. Will leave you some ideas about what could you do to help us to improve i18n translation generator

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
There are a lot of things that you could do to collaborate on open sources projects!. Will leave you some ideas about what could you do to help us to improve i18n translation generator.
```

### Issues

#### Create a new issue

If you spot any problem while using the project, see any error on the doc, or just wants to suggest changes to improve the project you can [create a new issue](https://github.com/victor-heliomar/i18n-translation-generator/issues/new/choose). Please make sure of check first that the issue doesn't exists already exists on the [issues list](https://github.com/victor-heliomar/i18n-translation-generator/issues)

#### Solve an issue

Scan through our existing issues to find one that interests you. If you find an issue to work on, you can leave a comment on the issue to leave us know that you're working on it and when you had developed your solution you can open a PR with a fix.

#### Help to solve the community doubts

> If there is any doubt on any issue and you think you can help to solve it, then feel free to help to clear the doubts throught the comments box of the issue selected, always following our [CODE OF CONDUCTS](https://github.com/victor-heliomar/i18n-translation-generator/blob/dev/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Reviewer: Maybe you can change the URL a little 
```suggestion
If there is any doubt on any issue and you think you can help to solve it, then feel free to help to clear the doubts throught the comments box of the issue selected, always following our [CODE OF CONDUCTS](https://github.com/victor-heliomar/i18n-translation-generator/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```

Author: Proposed link seems like is not valid
![image](https://github.com/victor-heliomar/i18n-translation-generator/assets/66505715/a3a4a6d2-ae5c-40e2-8204-c2a661b936b4)

Author: But fixed the typo and added final end on each paragraph.- Thanks!

### Making changes

#### Cloning repository and writing code

1. Fork the repository.
2. Clone the repository forked.

> 3. Install or update to Node.js, at the version specified in .npmrc file.

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
3. Install or update to Node.js, at the version specified in `.npmrc` file.
```

2. Improve the documentation
  -  Documentation is a exhaustive work, create readable and clear documentations for all the project is not an easy task, and of course, will help to know the point of view of other people. That is why if you see that there is something that could be improved on the doc, you could suggest it as a PR or as an issue and it will help us a lot.
3. Collaborate on side projects related to the project
  -  We are currently working on some projects related to i18n translation generator in order to improve the way you create i18n translations the most possible. Projects in mind are:
    1. Landing Page to explain easily the idea to developers.
    2. Documentation Page in order to improve the doc of the project and make more easier the use of it.

>     3. Visual Studio Code Extension in order of create a user interface for users that doesn't feels comfortable with CLI Commands. Feel free of collaborate in any of them! Any help is appreciate!

Reviewer: NIT:
Add the last sentence in another line
```suggestion
    3. Visual Studio Code Extension in order to create a user interface for users that doesn't feel comfortable with CLI Commands. 
    
Feel free to collaborate on any of them! We would appreciate any help!
```

Author: Thanks! Done!
